Docs-5685-partner-manager-EA-mc (#33)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/configure-partner.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

The only information you need to create a new trading partner is the name and a single identifier.
You can add other information later.
Once created, each partner has its own page and shows up in the Partners list in the left-hand navigation.

From the Partner page you can:

> * Add B2B identifiers to uniquely identify your trading partners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add information about your trading partners along with contact info.
* Add B2B identifiers to uniquely identify them from each other.
```

> * Add certificates owned by your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add certificates owned by your partner.
```

* Configure global validation, acknowledgement, control number, and character set settings.

== Configure a Partner

. Open Partner Manager.

> . From within your Partner Manager environment, select the name of your organization from the left-hand navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From within your Partner Manager environment, select the Partners from the left-hand navigation.
```

. Click the *New Partner* button and select an Identifier from the *Type* drop-down menu. This uniquely identifies you as a trading partner. For example, depending on your setup, select one of the following: AS2, X12 ISA, X12 GS, or the DUNS number.

> . Click *Create Partner* to create your trading partner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Create Partner* to create your trading partner. See the new parter's page.
```

Author: NOt sure about this one.

Author: Change to: You see the page with your new partner's information.

Author: Fixed per Kim.

+

> * To find a partner, search the Partners list by name, and select the name of the partner.

Reviewer: Put this somewhere else, perhaps before creating a new partner, or, better, at the end.

> You can add the following information for each trading partner from the *Partners* selection in the left-hand navigation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add the following information for the new trading partner:
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add information about the partner
Step 1, Step 2 , Step 3... 
* Add Identifiers
Step 1, Step 2 , Step 3... 
or refer to the identifier details page
* Add certificates
Step 1, Step 2 , Step 3... 
or refer to the certificate details page
* Configure partner X12 validation settings
Step 1, Step 2 , Step 3... 
or refer to the X12 settings page
```
